.TH btsync 7 "October 2013" "BitTorrent Sync" "Private network P2P file synchronisation daemon"
.SH NAME
btsync - Private network P2P file synchronisation daemon

.SH SYNOPSIS
.sp
.B btsync  [-hvq]
.I <command>
.B [
.I <args>
.B ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B BitTorrent Sync
is a simple tool that applies p2p protocol for
direct live folder sync with maximum security, network speed and
storage capacity. It has native versions for Mac, Windows and
Linux, as well as native NAS integration.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -h, --help
shows the help for the command.

.TP
.B -v, --verbose
increases the verbosity level of the command. If specified more than once, the verbosity level will be increased.

.TP
.B -q, --quiet
sets the verbosity level to a minimum. If specified, commands will produce no output and return only their result
by setting a return value.

.SH COMMANDS
The following commands are available:

.TP
.B btsync start
starts the whole btsync system (agent and applet)

.TP
.B btsync stop
stops the whole btsync system (agent and applet)

.TP
.B btsync restart
restarts the whole btsync system (agent and applet)

.TP
.B btsync pause|suspend
stops the btsync agent but leaves the desktop applet running

.TP
.B btsync resume
resumes the btsync agent

.TP
.B btsync status
returns the status of the btsync agent

.TP
.B btsync debug|setdebug [on|off|status|<hexmask>]
controls verbose logging or returns the verbose logging state. Instead of
activating full logging, a specific logging mask can be specified as a 16
bit hex value

.TP
.B btsync nodebug
.RB "disables verbose logging (same as " "btsync debug off" ")"

.SH FILES

.TP
.I /etc/btsync-user/btsync-user.conf
Template for the btsync agent configuration files

.TP
.I /etc/btsync-user/btsync-user.desktop
Template for the btsync web UI desktop shortcut

.TP
.I ~/.local/share/applications/btsync-user.desktop
Automatically created user specific web UI desktop shortcut

.TP
.I ~/.config/btsync/btsync-auto.conf
Automatically created user specific configuration file for the btsync agent

.TP
.I ~/.config/btsync/btsync-user.conf
Optional configuration file that will be used instead of
.I ~/.config/btsync/btsync-auto.conf
if present in the system. Allows the user to create his own customized
configuration

.TP
.I ~/.config/btsync/.btsync.pid
User specific btsync PID file

.TP
.I ~/.btsync/btsync-user.log
User specific log file of the btsync-user scripts

.TP
.I ~/.btsync/sync.log
User specific log file of the btsync agent

.SH DIRECTORIES

.TP
.I ~/.btsync
User specific storage path of the btsync agent

.TP
.I ~/.config/btsync
User specific configuration file path of the btsync agent and scripts

.SH AUTHORS

.TP
.B BitTorrent Sync
itself was written by BitTorrent Inc. (See http://labs.bittorrent.com/experiments/sync.html)

.TP
.B btsyncindicator.py
was written by Mark Johnson <mark@barrenfrozenwasteland.com>

.TP
.B btsync-user
Debian/Ubuntu packaging was written by Leo Moll <leo.moll@yeasoft.com>
